{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh15940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf0 Notes!!!!\
Review for Workshop\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 <section id="reviews">\
    <h2>Reviews</h2>\
\
    <article class="review">\
        <h3>Reviewed by:</h3>\
        <p><strong>Olivia Yacoub</strong><br>\
        AIMS SA-NT Secretary / IMVS TQEH</p>\
\
        <h3>Microscopic Haematology:</h3>\
        <p><strong>A Practical Guide for the Laboratory, 2nd Edition</strong><br>\
        <em>By Gillian Rozenberg</em></p>\
\
        <h3>Haematology Morphology Workshop</h3>\
        <p><strong>Conducted by Gillian Rozenberg \'96 13-14 October 2007, Sydney</strong></p>\
\
        <p>\'93This goes with that\'94 was the catchphrase of the workshop! A fantastic slogan for morphologists to be astute in linking blood cell changes together to form an informative report. A single, isolated cell change listed at the bottom of a blood report\'97without diagnostic context\'97is as useless to the clinician as a long list of insignificant findings. Easier said than done? Not after this workshop!</p>\
\
        <h3>Workshop Experience</h3>\
        <p>The renowned morphology expert delivered an enthusiastic and comprehensive workshop to a class of 37 participants. Attendance is kept limited to maximize interaction, ensuring that no query goes unanswered. Everything presented was logic-based, with explanations on how and why particular cells appear in the peripheral blood, complemented by an excellent collection of images.</p>\
\
        <p>The workshop covered essential topics, including:</p>\
        <ul>\
            <li>Red cell nomenclature</li>\
            <li>WHO classifications</li>\
            <li>Lymphocyte morphology</li>\
            <li>Paediatric haematology</li>\
        </ul>\
        <p>The structured and engaging delivery ensured that even these exhaustive topics were well understood within just two days.</p>\
\
        <h3>Instructor & Takeaways</h3>\
        <p>Gillian Rozenberg is one of the most energetic and passionate presenters I have encountered. I was fully captivated by all the topics covered. I left the workshop with a thorough refresher\'97particularly on WHO classifications (which I highly recommend everyone brush up on!)\'97as well as excellent notes for future reference.</p>\
\
        <h3>Final Recommendation</h3>\
        <p>If you ever have uncertainties in morphology, this workshop will ensure you leave with clarity. I highly recommend it to anyone in the field, whether a beginner or an experienced morphologist. Keep an eye out for next year\'92s promotion through AIMS communications, as it will be held at Westmead Hospital, Sydney. Positions fill quickly, so enroll promptly when the dates are announced. Plus, it\'92s a very enjoyable way to accrue <strong>20 APACE points!</strong></p>\
    </article>\
</section>\
}